docs(hub): document about arm64 architecture support (#5644)
jina-ai/jina: docs/concepts/executor/hub/push-executor.md

- The parameter `--replay`, prints build status from the beginning.

<script id="asciicast-Asd8bQ9YqsuJBVV1V7EfWmCu3" src="https://asciinema.org/a/Asd8bQ9YqsuJBVV1V7EfWmCu3.js" async></script>

> ## Arm64 architecture support 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ARM64 architecture support 
```
This is convention used on top google results

Reviewer: Please change throughout

````{admonition} Hint
:class: Hint

> As of January 10, 2023 you can push Executor for arm64 architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of January 10, 2023 you can push Executors for the ARM64 architecture.
```

````
````{admonition} Note
:class: note
Executor docker images are linux images. Even if you are running on a Mac or Windows machine, the underlying OS is still linux.
````

> If you run `jina hub push` on an arm64 based machine, you are automatically pushing an arm64 Executor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run `jina hub push` on an arm64 based machine, you automatically push an arm64 Executor.
```

> However, if you are providing your own Dockerfile, this requires your Dockerfile to work for both "linux/amd64" and "linux/arm64".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you provide your own Dockerfile, it will need to work for both "linux/amd64" and "linux/arm64".
```

<script id="asciicast-Asd8bQ9YqsuJBVV1V7EfWmCu3" src="https://asciinema.org/a/Asd8bQ9YqsuJBVV1V7EfWmCu3.js" async></script>

## ARM64 architecture support 

````{admonition} Hint
:class: Hint
As of January 10, 2023 you can push Executors for the ARM64 architecture.
````
````{admonition} Note
:class: note
Executor docker images are linux images. Even if you are running on a Mac or Windows machine, the underlying OS is still linux.
````

> If you run `jina hub push` on an arm64 based machine, you automatically push an ARM64 Executor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run `jina hub push` on an ARM64-based machine, you automatically push an ARM64 Executor.
```
